Fix moving keys to device in ResultCollection (#19814)
Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning: src/lightning/pytorch/CHANGELOG.md

- Made saving non-distributed checkpoints fully atomic ([#20011](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning/pull/20011))

> - Fixed `_LoggerConnector`'s `_ResultMetric` to move all registered keys to the current device ([#19813](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning/issues/19813))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `_LoggerConnector`'s `_ResultMetric` to move all registered keys to the device of the logged value if needed ([#19813](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/pytorch-lightning/issues/19813))
```
